AMP-66640 [streaming] Update identify forwarding description (#530)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/braze.md

2. Select your **Braze REST API Endpoint**.
3. Enter your **REST API Key**.
4. Enter your **Braze App Identifier API Key**.

> 5. **Create & Update Users** creates users in Braze and update the properties of existing users when a user is created or user properties are updated in Amplitude.

Author: Sanity check. Is sentence this confusing?

Reviewer: A little. How does an existing user get created? Does this mean creates or (inclusive `or`) updates users in Braze when their corresponding user is created or updated in Amplitude?

```suggestion
5. Configure **Create & Update Users**. This setting does two things: creates users in Braze when they're created in Amplitude and updates existing users when their user properties are updated in Amplitude.
```

Reviewer: @sina-jamshidi I made a suggestion that hopefully makes this more clear in the docs.

      1. To create and update users, toggle **Create & Update Users** to **Enabled**.
      2. To select user properties to send, expand the **Specify user properties to send** panel, and select properties to forward. If you don't select any properties here, Amplitude doesn't include any.
      3. Check the **Update Users Only** box to not create users if they don't exist in Braze. If you're sending alias-only user profiles, this field shouldn't be checked. If **Update Users Only** is checked, your alias-only user profiles won't be created in Braze. More information available in the [Braze API documentation](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/objects_filters/user_attributes_object).

> 6. **Send Events** sends events ingested by Amplitude to Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Configure **Send Events** to send events ingested by Amplitude to Braze.
```

Sorry for the out of scope suggestion, but I think we have an opportunity to update for some of the changes you're making here -- all the other "steps" are verbs, and it's weird that I just wrote setting names here.
